Actual Arrival Times	
Gate arrival time is the instance when the pilot sets the aircraft
parking brake after arriving at the airport gate or passenger
unloading area.  If the parking brake is not set, record the time for
the opening of the passenger door.  Also, carriers using a Docking
Guidance System (DGS) may record the official gate-arrival time when
the aircraft is stopped at the appropriate parking mark.

Actual Departure Times
Gate departure time is the instance when the pilot releases the
aircraft parking brake after passengers have loaded and aircraft doors
have been closed. In cases where the flight returned to the departure
gate before wheels-off time and departed a second time, report the
last gate departure time before wheels-off time.  In cases of an air
return, report the last gate departure time before the gate return.
If passengers were boarded without the parking brake being set, record
the time that the passenger door was closed.  Also, carriers using a
Docking Guidance System may record the official gate-departure time
based on aircraft movement.  For example, one DGS records gate
departure time when the aircraft moves more than 1 meter from the
appropriate parking mark within 15 seconds.  Fifteen seconds is then
subtracted from the recorded time to obtain the appropriate out time.

Airport Code
A three character alpha-numeric code issued by the U.S. Department of
Transportation which is the official designation of the airport. The
airport code is not always unique to a specific airport because
airport codes can change or can be reused.

Arrival Delay
Arrival delay equals the difference of the actual arrival time minus
the scheduled arrival time. A flight is considered on-time when it
arrives less than 15 minutes after its published arrival time.

Cancelled Flight
A flight that was listed in a carrier's computer reservation system
during the seven calendar days prior to scheduled departure but was
not operated.

Carrier Code (AIRLINE)
Code assigned by IATA and commonly used to identify a carrier. As the
same code may have been assigned to different carriers over time, the
code is not always unique.

Departure Delay
The difference between the scheduled departure time and the actual
departure time from the origin airport gate.

Diverted Flight
A flight that is required to land at a destination other than the
original scheduled destination for reasons beyond the control of the
pilot/company.

Elapsed Time
The time computed from gate departure time to gate arrival time.

Flight Number
A one to four character alpha-numeric code for a particular flight.

In-Flight Time
The total time an aircraft is in the air between an origin-destination
airport pair, i.e. from wheels-off at the origin airport to
wheels-down at the destination airport.

Scheduled Departure Time
The scheduled time that an aircraft should lift off from the origin
airport.

Scheduled Time Of Arrival
The scheduled time that an aircraft should cross a certain point
(landing or metering fix).

Taxi-In Time
The time elapsed between wheels down and arrival at the destination
airport gate.

Taxi-Out Time
The time elapsed between departure from the origin airport gate and
wheels off.
